misc: throw error when chrome 137 branded is used with `@cypress/puppeteer` or `--load-extension` (#31709)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

**Misc:**

> - Chrome versions 137 and up no longer allow the `--load-extension` option for branded versions of Chrome. This means that the `@cypress/puppeteer` plugin in `open` mode (or headed `run` mode) or using `--load-extension` via [launchOptions.extensions](https://docs.cypress.io/api/node-events/browser-launch-api#Add-browser-extensions) will no longer work. If you need to load an extension or use the `@cypress/puppeteer` plugin, please use Chrome for Testing, Chromium, or another Chrome variant that supports loading extensions. Addresses [#31702](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31702) and [#31703](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31703).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chrome 137+ no longer supports `--load-extension` in branded Chrome, breaking the `@cypress/puppeteer` plugin in `open` mode and headed `run` mode and [`launchOptions.extensions`](https://docs.cypress.io/api/node-events/browser-launch-api#Add-browser-extensions). We recommend using Chrome for Testing or Chromium to continue using these features. See Cypress Docker image examples for [Chrome for Testing](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-docker-images/tree/master/examples/chrome-for-testing) and [Chromium](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-docker-images/tree/master/examples/chromium). Addresses [#31702](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31702) and [#31703](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31703).
```
